{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh22400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README FILE\
\
- exemplary_bee.mat\

\f1\b0 \
The glomerular responses database 
\f0\b db
\f1\b0  is a MatLab structure containing the following fields:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 database.bee
\f1\b0  : glomerular responses extracted from 1 bee and is organised in a 4D matrix with dimensions: N glomeruli x 3 odorants x 10 repetitions x time [-3 to 20s]. Glomerular responses are stored as -DeltaF/F calculated with respect to the pre-stimulus baseline.\

\f0\b db.time_frequency_in_hz
\f1\b0  : frequency of sampling for each experiment/bee (in Hz).
\f0\b \
database.legend_of_dimentions_of_bee 
\f1\b0 : describes 
\f0\b database.bee
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 database.odor_response_maps
\f1\b0  :  contains the average response maps for the three olfactory stimulations. Dimensions are 64 pixels x 64 pixels x 3 odorants. The resulting image is the mean map across stimulus repetitions.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 database.odorants
\f1\b0  : used odors for each experiment (1-hexanol, 1-heptanol, peppermint oil).
\f0\b \
database.xy
\f1\b0  : xy coordinates on the average odour response maps for each detected glomerulus. Maps can be extracted from 
\f0\b database.odor_response_maps
\f1\b0 .
\f0\b \
\
\
- Process_MB_function.m\
\

\f1\b0 This script elucidates the process of converting calcium imaging glomerular profiles into KC temporal profiles.\
It requires two sub-functions: 
\f0\b create_MB.m
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b use_MB.m
\f1\b0 , and it processes an exemplary bee dataset, 
\f0\b exemplary_bee.mat.\
\
- MBON_learning_example.m\
\

\f1\b0 This script explains the training process of a simulated MBON starting from a calcium imaging glomerular profile. \
It requires two sub-functions: 
\f0\b create_MB.m,
\f1\b0  
\f0\b use_MB.m, learn_MB, 
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b familiarity_MB,
\f1\b0  and it processes an exemplary bee dataset, 
\f0\b exemplary_bee.mat.\

\f1\b0 In this instance, the average 5 repetitions of odorant 1 are used as training set. The trained MBON is then tested against the 5 last repetitions of odorant_1 (the familiar one) and of odorant_2 (the novel odorant). \
}